yo woman when you tell me mom and God
made Eve from the river there and it was
we can loose the Raven on the world and
the Raven was called sin said the Raven
was called me mama said no Raven was
called sin and the name was Colin and
first sin was and of course first sin
was intercourse person was in the course
first time was it of course first name
was it of course first in was
intercourse mama was so scared I was
done in the girls they all laughed at me
and flipping them and he was we was weak
no he was waiting I was weak say no mama
say it he was weak he was weak curse
curse was the gristle blood you should
told me mama shoulda told me Oh Lord
held this any woman see the cylinder
days and whiz show her that if she had
remained Simmons the curse of blood
would never have come on she may have
been tempted by the Antichrist she left
the son of lustful thoughts oh don't you
know by now I can see inside you I can
see the cynosure he's God well pray
we'll pray
blood
Oh